# Next.js MUI Template with Emotion Cache

This repository contains a starter template for building a Next.js application with Material-UI and Emotion cache for styling.

## Getting Started

To get started with this template, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:

```git clone https://github.com/eisafaqiri/Next.js-MUI-Template.git

2. Install the dependencies by running the following command:

```npm install

3. Start the development server by running the following command:

```npm run dev

This will start the development server on ```http://localhost:3000

4. Start building your application by editing the files in the `pages` directory.

## Emotion Cache

This template uses Emotion cache for styling. Emotion is a popular CSS-in-JS library that provides a number of benefits, including improved performance and better developer experience.

The Emotion cache is configured in the `_app.js` file. The cache is used to store and reuse style objects, which can improve performance by reducing the amount of CSS generated by the application.

## Material-UI

This template also includes Material-UI, a popular React component library that provides a number of pre-built UI components. Material-UI makes it easy to create a consistent and visually appealing user interface.

## Contributing

If you find any issues or have suggestions for how to improve this template, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. We welcome contributions from the community!

## License

This template is licensed under the MIT license. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.
